# Privacy Policy

By using the app "RedditVideoGenerator" you are consenting to our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information set out in this privacy policy.

## Collection of Personal Information

We do not directly or explicitly collect, store, or share any information, personal or otherwise. However, we may need to access some information pertaining to your YouTube channel with your consent, solely for the purposes of uploading the videos generated by RedditVideoGenerator to YouTube. RedditVideoGenerator uses **YouTube API
Services** to do so. The data that we access about your YouTube channel will not be stored, shared, or collected. We will also not use, collect, store, or share any other information associated with your YouTube channel that is not needed for the purposes of uploading videos to Youtube. Any data collected by YouTube is covered under Google Privacy Policy at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy, and is not our responsibility. Do note

## Email

If you email the developer for support or other feedback, the emails with email addresses will be retained for quality assurance purposes. The email addresses will be used only to reply to the concerns or suggestions raised and will never be used for any marketing purpose.

## Disclosure of Personal Information

We will not disclose your information to any third party except if you expressly consent or where required by law.

## Contacting Us

If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you can email clickphasehelp@gmail.com
